<!-- 1)GET requests are used to retrieve data, while POST requests are used to send data to a server for creation, modification, or deletion of resources.

2)In HTML forms, the action and method attributes determine how form data is sent to a server. The action attribute specifies the URL where the form data should be sent, and the method attribute specifies the HTTP method used for sending the data, typically GET or POST.

3)In HTML forms, the action and method attributes determine how form data is sent to a server. The action attribute specifies the URL where the form data should be sent, and the method attribute specifies the HTTP method used for sending the data, typically GET or POST.

4)$ npm i ejs-mate (for installing ejsMate)

5)font_awesome cdn

6)We used two types of validations client side and server side

7)Custom WrapAsync a better way of writing try-catch block

8)Utils folder contains extra things

9)with joi we create a schema for server side validation

10)db.listings.updateMany({}, { $set: { reviews: [] } })

11)db.reviews.deleteMany({})

12))db.reviews.deleteOne({ _id: ObjectId("6847f1ecdc6d12a720821936") })

 13)Express ROuter are a way to Organize Your Express Applications such that our primary app.js file does not become bloated

14)ctrl + D for matching word

15) cookies used for session managment,personalization, tracking

16)HTTP coookies are small blocks of data created by a web server while a user is browsing a website and place on the user's computer or other's device by the user's web browser.

17)Mainly cookies helps to store info about the user who is currently accesing the web page

18)$ npm i cookie-parser for middleware

19)Cookies stores data about the user for eg if a user using instagram then then sookies will store data likes which post's user likes,saved post,prefernces etc.

20)SignedCookies helps to prevent cookie tampering by unauthorized user's

21)Express categorized the signed cookies and unsigned cookies

22)Stateful Protocol(recommended)
Stateful Protocol requires server to save the status and session information.eg-ftp

23)Stateless Protocol
Stateless Protocol doesn't require the server to retain the server information or status.eg-http

24)Express Session stores info about a user session and make a id related to the info

25)Express Session make a session id and send it to client to store info and then it send it back to sever again simulataneously to store the user browsing data

26)Session id is stored in the form of the cookie

27)Diff browser generate different seesion id but same browser with multiple tabs for a single user will generate the same session id's

28)Flas-messages only appear one time in the page during error,deleting.inserting if you even refresh the page after that it will not appear

29)Flash needs to be passed two parameters key and message

30)cookie track session

31)Hashing

i)For every input, there is afixed string(output)

ii)They are one-way-function,we can't get input from output

iii)For a diff input, there is a diff output but of same length

iv)Small changes in input should bring large changes in output. ex-SHA256,MD5,CRC

32)Password salting is a technique to protect passwords stored in db by adding a string of 32 or more characters and then hashing them.

33)Salting helps from reverse lookup table attacks

34)What is a reverse lookup table?
A reverse lookup table (often called a "precomputed hash table") is a table where attackers store common plaintext passwords and their corresponding hash values. This allows them to quickly look up a hash and find the original password without having to compute the hash each time.

35)How does the attack work?
The attacker gets access to a list of hashed passwords (e.g., from a database leak).
They compare each hash to their precomputed table.
If a hash matches one in the table, they instantly know the original password.

36)passportjs.org

37)npm i passport-local

38)npm i passport

39)npm i passport-local-mongoose

40)passport-local-mongoose will automatically add a username, hash and salt field to store the username, so we don't have to define it

41)passport.session=>A web app needs the ability to identify users as they browse from page to page. This series of requests and responses, each associated with the same user, is known as a session.

42)To check if user is logged in?
req.isAuthenticate() //Passport Method {check user info whether the user is authenticate or not }

43)MVC(framework) design pattern-Model View Controller

44)Project is implemented using the mvc framework

45)https://github.com/LunarLogic/starability?tab=readme-ov-file (stying for review)

46)to send any kind of file(image,audio,pdf) in html form we have to change the form encoding type to mlutiplart/form=data

47)using multer to parse data

48).env stores important variables that are confidential from outsiders

49)Development phase is the phase where the project is under construction and production phase is the phase where the project is deployed and can be used by the real world ppl 
-->
